
The insurance Theft, accidental damage, accidental loss and breakdown cover 

You are covered against the repair or replacement cost of your mobile phone in the event of theft, accidental loss, accidental damage or breakdown whilst in your possession or that of your spouse (if included in your policy schedule) during the period of insurance subject to the limit of liability of the insurer.  

Hi
Hello, Welcome! I am your Phone Insurance Assistant App. Please answer the questions with "Yes" or "No" unless otherwise specified.
What happened?
Could you please me more specific? Type the following which may apply: "theft", "loss", "damage", "breakdown", "something else"?
In case of theft, Has it been more than 48 hours since being stolen?
If it has been more than 48 hours and not reported then it will not be covered by the insurance.
Have you reported to the appropriate police authorities? 
Do you know from where it was stolen? Type the following which may apply: "residence", "vehicle", or "other"?
In case it was stolen from your vehicle, Was it hidden from the view?
Were doors and windows closed?
Were the installed security devices operating?
In case it was stolen from other place, Was the phone in a locked room, locked cupboard, locker or hotel safe?
Was the installed security devices operating?
Were doors and windows closed?
Was force, pickpocket or threat of violence used?
Was it stolen from you or from any third party it was on loan to?
What was stolen (phone/accessories/both)? accessories are NOT covered
In case of loss, Who lost the phone?
Please note that if you as an owner were not the one who had lost the phone, then the Insurance will not be covered.
In case of damage, What kind of damage? Type the following which may apply: "internal", "marring", "scratching", "denting"?
What was damaged (phone/accessories/both)? accessories are NOT covered.
Did it happen as a result of placing it in any kind of unsafe environment? 
Did the manufacturer recognise the fault?
Do you have all the parts of the phone?
In case of breakdown, can it be turned on?
Was it caused due to a software virus? (or any other software based malfunction)
Is the manufacturer’s warranty still active?
Did the manufacturer recognise the fault?
Do you have all the parts of the phone?
You seemed to have pressed something else, Did it happen as a result of such action such as: pressure waves caused by aircraft?
Ionising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel?
Pollution or contamination?
Terrorism, war, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power, riot or civil commotion, terrorist activity of any kind?
Is that all?
Good news, we will replace your phone with a new one!
Good news, we will fix it!
we are sorry, but this case is not covered by the insurance.
Please tell the terms of my insurance?
What is Accidental damage?
Accidental damage means the sudden and unforeseen accidental damage to your mobile phone which is not specifically excluded from this insurance policy provided that such damage results in your mobile phone being unable or unsafe to function. 
What is Accidental loss?
Accidental loss means the unforeseen loss of your mobile phone by you, resulting in you being permanently deprived of its use.  
What is beneficiery?
Beneficiary means the subscribing member of a Group Scheme whose membership of the scheme must have been accepted by the trustees and can be confirmed by the broker. 
What is Broker?
Broker means this scheme is arranged by Voyager Insurance Services Ltd, 13-21 High Street, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 3DG. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 305814, and administered by Philip Williams (G Ins) Management Ltd., Registered Office: 35 Walton Road, Stockton Heath, Warrington, Cheshire WA4 6NW.
How to contact the agent?
Telephone number 01925 604421. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 827663. They are authorised to administer this policy on behalf of the insurer. 
What does breakdown mean?
Breakdown means the actual breaking, burning out or failure of any part of your mobile phone whilst in ordinary use arising from internal electronic, electrical or mechanical defects in the mobile phone causing it to stop functioning and requiring repair before it can resume normal operation.  
What is IMEI number?
IMEI number means the international mobile equipment identity number which is the unique identification number that will be used to identify your mobile phone.
Who is my insurer?
Insurer/insurers means this insurance is underwritten 100% by AmTrust Europe Limited. Registered in England number 1229676. Registered Office: Market  Square House, St James’s Street, Nottingham, NG1 6FG. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority under number 202189.
What is the insurance limit?
Limit of liability means the insurer’s maximum liability for any one claim which shall not exceed the maximum repair or replacement value of your mobile phone (up to a limit of £1,500 inclusive of VAT) at the time of replacement. The insurer’s maximum total liability to you during any rolling period of 12 months from the commencement date of this insurance shall not exceed £1,500 including VAT. Upon acceptance of a claim, the insurer may at its discretion repair or replace your mobile phone. Replacement may be with a refurbished unit or a functionally equivalent product. If the claims administrator replaces your mobile phone, your original item becomes the insurer’s property and the replacement mobile phone is your property, with coverage for that item continuing for the remaining period of insurance. The maximumliability limit includes cover of up to £750 including VAT for unauthorised data usage for a period of up to 24 hour directly following a valid theft or accidental loss claim.
What is the period of my insurance?
Period of insurance means the insurance commences on the same date as specified in your Group Scheme benefits policy schedule for periods of one month upon receipt of your monthly premium. The monthly premium will be collected by the broker by Direct Debit. Please refer to your benefits booklet for details of automatic termination of cover.
What is a proof?
Proof of phone ownership means that in the event of a claim the claims administrator will request evidence that the mobile phone is solely and currently used by you and that you can support ownership with a proof of purchase or similar document. Where the purchase receipt is not available we will consider your mobile phone bill if it links your phones IMEI and your details or other similar evidence of current phone usage supporting your ownership.

General exclusions  


You are not covered for:  

1. the first £75 of each and every claim. 

2. any claim resulting from terrorism, war, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power, riot or civil commotion, terrorist activity of any kind. 

3. any claim directly occasioned by pressure waves caused by aircraft and other aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds. 

4. any claim resulting from ionising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel. 

5. loss, damage or liability arising from pollution or contamination. 

6. any damage deliberately caused by or arising from a criminal act committed by you, or by any other person living with you. 

7. any claim where proof of ownership is not provided. 

8. any mobile phone older than 8 years at the time of the incident as evidenced by the relevant proof of ownership. 

9. any accessories. 

10. any costs incurred in connection with the installation, removal or subsequent relocation of your mobile phone in or from a vehicle, including electrical or mechanical breakdown.  

11. any claim not complying with the claims procedure in section 8 of this policy document.  

12. any loss or damage or liability directly or indirectly occasioned by, happening through or in consequence of confiscation or nationalisation or requisition or destruction of or damage to property by or under the order of any government or public or local authority.  

13. any claim where the IMEI number cannot be determined. 

14. any claim arising from abuse, misuse or neglect by you.  

15. mobile phones which have been confiscated, reclaimed or otherwise taken back by a valid authority or body.  

16. any cost of reinstating downloads, ring tones, graphics, pictures, apps, music or any other content. It is highly recommended that you back up your mobile phone regularly to minimise any loss of information. 

17. any claim for any loss, damage, liability or expense directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to, or arising from, the use or operation, as a means for inflicting harm, of any system, software programme malicious code, virus or process or any other electronic system 



Security requirements 

1. Security requirements for unattended vehicles Theft of the mobile phone whilst in an unattended vehicle shall only be covered in the event that:

a. the mobile phone is completely hidden from view.   
b. all doors, windows and other vehicle openings have been closed, fastened and securely locked.  
c. all security devices installed have been operated.

2. Security requirements excluding vehicles Theft of the mobile phone shall only be covered in the event that:  
a. if away from the main residence, the mobile phone is in a locked room, locked cupboard, locker or hotel safe and any security devices have been operated.  
b. if at the main residence, the premises are securely locked. 
c. in the case of either (a) or (b) above – all windows and doors must be closed and locks activated where fitted. 
 

General conditions

Fraud  

If you make a fraudulent claim under this insurance contract, the Insurer: 
a) Is not liable to pay the claim; and 
b) May recover from the Insured any sums paid by the Insurer to you in respect of the claim; and 
c) May advise you that the contract has been terminated with effect from the time of the fraudulent act. 

The Insurer shall not be liable in respect of a relevant event occurring after the time of the fraudulent act. A relevant event is an occurrence which gives rise to the Insurer’s liability under the insurance contract (such as the occurrence of a loss, the making of a claim, or the notification of a potential claim); and the Insurer need not return any of the premiums you have paid.


Law  

The parties to this insurance are free to choose the law applicable to this insurance contract. Unless specifically agreed to the contrary this insurance shall be subject to English law.  



Claims procedure 

You should notify the claims administrator on 0344 412 0982 or email PW. InsuranceServices.UK@Brightstar.com as soon as reasonably possible and in any event within 30 days of the claim incident occurring. 

Please comply with the following procedures to obtain authorisation with the minimum delay. Failure to observe these procedures will invalidate your claim. 

Theft and accidental loss claims  
• you must notify the appropriate police authority 
within 48 hours of discovery of the incident and 
obtain a loss or crime reference number or a copy of 
the police crime report as applicable. 

• theft or loss of your mobile phone must be 
reported to your airtime provider within 7 days of, or 
as soon as is possible after, the incident to place a 
bar on the mobile phone. 
 
Accidental damage and breakdown claims  
• you must keep all parts of your mobile phone and  
return them for inspection in accordance with the 
claims administrators instructions. The mobile 
phone and relevant parts remain your responsibility 
until they have been received by the claims 
administrator.  


Sending your Mobile Phone to the Claims 
Administrator 
• Before sending your damaged Mobile phone please 
ensure that you have removed any personal 
information, saved any documents that you may 
want to keep or transfer and have unlocked the 
device so that our Claims Technicians can 
investigate the damage. If the damage is significant 
and you are unable to remove any password control 
or locking please advise the claims administrator.
Please deactivate FindmyiPhone or similar functions 
from your mobile phone. 


Replacement Equipment  
This is not a new for old Insurance.  
In the event that your claim is authorised and your 
mobile phone is considered, by the claims 
administrator, to be beyond economical repair, we 
will replace it with a fully refurbished or new mobile 
phone at our discretion. We will endeavour to replace 
your mobile phone with the same make, model and 
colour however this may not always be possible. In the 
event that the exact make, model or colour is not 
available or economical a mobile phone of a different 
colour, comparable specification or equivalent value 
will be provided. 

If your claim was for theft or loss of your original 
mobile phone and it is recovered after a 
replacement had been provided, the original mobile 
phone must be returned to the Administrator as this 
is our property. If the original equipment is not sent to 
us upon request you will be invoiced for the 
replacement.

If a claim form is issued by the claims administrator, 
you should complete the form fully and return it to the 
claims administrators within 30 days of the claim 
incident, or as soon as reasonably possible, together 
with any requested supporting documentation 
including:  

• details of the payment method for the excess which 
will be collected once your claim has been 
validated.  
• police crime reference number (where the incident 
is theft). 
• loss reference number (where the incident is loss). 
• proof of ownership (including IMEI number). 
• details regarding any unauthorised data usage. 
• any other requested documentation.  
The claims administrator will assess your claim, and providing your claim is valid, will arrange for the repair or replacement of the mobile phone as appropriate.  
 

Your statutory right of cancellation 

This mobile phone insurance forms part of a packaged group of benefits to which you have subscribed and have the right to cancel. Please contact your federation to discuss cancellation of your overall subscription.  
 

11. Complaints procedure 
It is always the intention to provide you with a first 
class service.
 
Claim process issues 

If you are not happy with any part of the claim process please contact claims administrator at the address below: 
Brightstar Insurance Services B.V. (UK Branch),  Weston Road, Crewe, Cheshire, CW1 6BU. Telephone number 0344 412 0982 or email PW.InsuranceServices.UK@Brightstar.com 

They will reply within five days of receiving your complaint to inform you of what action they are taking. 
They will try to resolve the problem and give you an answer within four weeks. If it will take them longer than four weeks they will tell you when you can expect an answer. 
Alternatively, at any stage, you may have the right to contact the Financial Ombudsman Service as described above. 
 
Administration and sales process issues If you are not happy with the administration or sales process please contact the broker using the following contact details: 

Philip Williams (G Ins) Management Ltd. Management, 35, Walton Road, Stockton Heath, Warrington, Cheshire, WA4 6NW Telephone number: 01925 604421 
  
The broker will contact you within five days of receiving your complaint to inform you of what action they are taking. They will try to resolve the problem and give you an answer within four weeks. If it will take them longer than four weeks they will tell you when you can expect an answer. 

You may refer your complaint at any time to the Financial Ombudsman Service (the FOS ): 

http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/default.htm 
 
Financial Ombudsman Service Exchange Tower Harbour Exchange Square London E14 9SR Telephone: 0800 023 4567 or 0300 123 9 123  Email: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk 
 
This complaints procedure does not affect any legal right you have to take action against us. 



13. Financial Services 

Compensation Scheme 


The parties to this contract are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). You may be entitled to compensation from the scheme if  any party cannot meet its obligations. Most insurance contracts are covered for 90% of the claim, without any upper limit. You can get more information about  the compensation scheme arrangements by contacting the FSCS by telephone 020 7892 7300 or by visiting their website at www.fscs.org.uk. 
  